Add post for Rust 1.80.1 (#1373)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/2024-08-08-Rust-1.80.1.md

---
layout: post
title: "Announcing Rust 1.80.1"
author: The Rust Release Team
release: true
---

The Rust team has published a new point release of Rust, 1.80.1. Rust is a
programming language that is empowering everyone to build reliable and
efficient software.

If you have a previous version of Rust installed via rustup, getting Rust
1.80.1 is as easy as:

```
rustup update stable
```

If you don't have it already, you can [get `rustup`][rustup] from the
appropriate page on our website.

[rustup]: https://www.rust-lang.org/install.html

## What's in 1.80.1

Rust 1.80.1 fixes two regressions that were recently reported.

### Miscompilation when comparing floats

In addition to the existing optimizations performed by LLVM, rustc is growing
its own set of optimizations. Rust 1.78.0 added a new one, implementing ["jump

> threading"] (merging together two adjacent branches performing the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
threading"] (merging together two adjacent branches that perform the same
```

Think this clarifies the subject
